Update color picker according to UI Kit v5 (#1794)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.3/forms/form-control.md

Set the `type="color"` and add `.form-control-color` to the `<input>`. We use the modifier class to set fixed `height`s and override some inconsistencies between browsers.

> {{< callout info >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< callout warning >}}
```

> **Accessibility warning** The support among browsers/AT is not robust enough (https://a11ysupport.io/tests/tech__html__input__input-color#assertion-html-input(type-color)_element-convey_name). So, use with care and provide an alternative way of entering or choosing a color value (eg. an input text fields to enter a hexadecimal color value).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support among browsers/AT is not robust enough (https://a11ysupport.io/tests/tech__html__input__input-color#assertion-html-input(type-color)_element-convey_name). So, use with care and provide an alternative way of entering or choosing a color value (e.g., an input text field to enter a hexadecimal color value).
```

Suggestion to remove this title. We don't precise it usually. For example in `modal.md`:

```md
{{< callout warning >}}
While both ways to dismiss a modal are supported, keep in mind that dismissing from outside a modal does not match the [ARIA Authoring Practices Guide dialog (modal) pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/dialogmodal/). Do this at your own risk.
{{< /callout >}}
```

Plus fixing typo.

Reviewer: @MewenLeHo What about removing the title removal + removal "The" at the beginning of the sentence?
